

Typeqast supports its clients' software with ease
Typeqast migrated to Deskpro as their previous help desk solution couldn't cater to their multi-channel and brand needs.

The Challenge
Typeqast creates software for numerous clients and wanted a help desk that could provide customer support tailored to each client's needs.
When Customer Support Manager, Luke Bryant, was setting up his support team he began searching the market for help desk software but found that “none of them really fulfilled what we were looking to achieve, customer support with a more personal approach.” But once he found Deskpro, “it seemed to be the solution we needed.” Deskpro’s multi-branding capabilities allowed them to provide highly personalized support for every one of their clients.

The support team at Typeqast had previously been using a JIRA solution to handle support requests but found that it lacked some additional features. Typeqast also appreciated the ability to support across multiple channels from one help desk.
“We like being able to have the Help Center and Chat feature as JIRA doesn’t have integrations for that, we liked having it all in one place.”

The Solution
Typeqast’s main priority is providing support services for the software produced for its different clients. As such, a feature Typeqast uses extensively is multi-branding. Unique user-facing Help Centers mean Luke's team can create alternative content and support for each client's software uses. “We currently support six different customers and use the Help Center for all of them so we have personalized branding for each of those customers.”

Across these Help Centers, the team produces different guides and content to try and help customers with any issues they might encounter. They also “promote the live chat options and Help Center documentation” to effectively guide its customers to solutions. Luke and his team enjoy Deskpro’s guides feature: “Guides is one of my favorite things on Deskpro; our customers really love it too.”
Luke was appreciative of the support he received during onboarding with Deskpro, “The onboarding process was positive I spoke with one of the customer support team; we had a couple of face-to-face calls where they walked us through the tools and how to use everything.”

Deskpro's internal interface keeps all our ticketing information in one place and easily integrates with our internal tools.

Luke BryantCustomer Support Manager

The Benefits
Having extensive and personalized Help Centers means that Typeqast can have a vast database of knowledge to share with its customers when they encounter a problem. Using the Guides interface to create in-depth software guides for products. “We can share information and documents with them and hopefully solve questions before they happen - or at least when a bug is reported we know what we’re dealing with straight away.”
Typeqast noticed a reduction in tickets as guides and knowledge base articles effectively deflect repetitive customer questions.

“The live chat is nice because it allows our customers to ask us questions rather than just creating tickets. Combining that with our documentation we can prevent tickets from being created in the first place.”

As a customer, Typeqast enjoys using messenger to get in contact with Deskpro’s support team. “Deskpro’s live chat is very useful as it means I can ask questions when I’m in the middle of doing something.”

Luke also likes integrating their JIRA instances from other departments into Deskpro.
“We use JIRA internally and Deskpro integrates really nicely with that which allows us to communicate with our teams properly.”

The Future
Luke’s goal is to provide the best support possible for his clients, for which Deskpro continues to be the best solution: “I want to make sure I’m providing the best service; Deskpro still provides what we’re looking for so I’m happy.”

As Typeqast expands, they need a help desk that can keep up with its every demand.
“We have the potential to grow quite a lot. We’ve got a lot of customers for the next 24 months ahead of us where we could be integrating with some other tools.”

Deskpro provides a solution for its clients' needs, such as “providing a feedback portal for the client’s end-users, using an embed code to host it on their platform.”

Recently, Luke and his team have trialed Deskpro Horizon and are looking forward to migrating to the latest version of Deskpro: “I like the features, and the UI is a lot more intuitive. I believe migration will be quite a smooth process.”

